Add validator exit process docs (#109)
onmax/nimiq-developer-center: learn/protocol/validators/validators.md

**Retired:** Marked for permanent inactivity and pending deletion

**Deleted:** Permanently removed from the network, but if there are stakers still associated with the validator, a tombstone is created to manage the remaining stake and stakers until they are cleared

> ## Validator Exit Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validator Deletion Process
```

Removing a validator is a process that ensures the network has time to detect and report any misbehavior.  
The following table outlines each transaction involved and the conditions under which they take effect:

| **Transaction** | **Description** | **Effective Timing** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Deactivate** | Marks the validator as inactive. | Takes effect at the start of the next epoch. | Validator cannot be elected in the next epoch. Triggers the reporting window, which lasts until the end of the next epoch (current + 1). |
| **Retire** | Marks the validator as retired. Required before deletion. | Can be submitted after the reporting window ends. | **Irreversible.** Once retired, validator cannot return to active state. |
| **Delete** | Deletes the validator and returns the 100'000 NIM deposit. | After retirement and once all funds are withdrawn. | Only allowed after the reporting window ends. If stake remains, a tombstone record manages withdrawals. |

::: info Note

> If the validator has active stakers at the time of deletion, a tombstone is created to allow those stakers to update their validator or withdraw their funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the validator has active stakers at the time of deletion, a tombstone is created to allow those stakers to switch to a different validator or withdraw their stake.
```
